Beginning:
"?"

Grandma on the beach: "Hey there! What a storm huh? My two grand-daughters are so light and tiny they were lifted by the wind!
If by any chance you find them on your way, would you be kind enough to send them back to me? I have been worrying like hell."

Heart: "You are right, I should take care of myself and try not to worry too much. Thank you, it helps to know that I am not alone."
Interrogation point: "Yes it was a very strong wind! And they love storms so much, they couldn't resist going out."
Excalamation point: "They sure are ressourceful little girls! I would not be surprised if they found their way home by themselves!"

Person near house: "Good morning! Did the storm do any damage to your lovely home? I just can't believe my beloved plants are still intact!
I heard the storm destroyed a house near the lake, I am going there to help rebuilding it! Can you water my plants while I am gone?"

Heart: "Thank you so much! My plants mean so much to me. Taking care of them and watching them grow is my biggest joy in the world."
Interrogation point: "Don't worry, I am sure you will find it very easy and relaxing! You will do great."
Exclamation point: "Aww, I didn't know you loved gardening too! We should get together sometimes when I come back, I would love to hear
about your plants."
* Received a watering can *

Little girl 1: "Well, that was a fun adventure! For a minute, I was a bird! 
My grandma says storms are a lot more common now than in the past. 
...
Sometimes it makes me so sad and scared to see the world falling appart."

Heart: "You are so sweet. I could really use someone to talk to, thank you so much. 
I promise I will not stay alone and come to you whenever I feel anxious."
Interrogation point: "My friends and I have so much ideas on how to improve things!
We are already taking part in some peaceful actions to change things, you should come by sometimes."
Exclamation point: "That's inspiring! I agree, collective action can feel very empowering."

Little girl 2: "What a wonderful surprise to find you here! Take a look at the view from out there.
Breathtaking."

Heart: "
Interrogation point:
Exclamation point:

Cat: Meow!

Raccon: Trill!